the UN has extended its polio
vaccination campaign in Gaza by another
day to reach more children in Northern
Gaza more than half a million children
have been vaccinated since the campaign
began earlier this month the UN has
pushed ahead with the inoculation
campaign despite numerous obstructions
by the Israeli Army let's bring in our
correspondent hanim mmud he's joining us
live from De albala in central Gaza and
hany I suppose that's some rare good
news from Gaza that the polio campaign
has been extended by another day and in
the north where conditions are usually
harder good morning Elizabeth that is
correct the vaccination campaign has
been extended for another day just to
make sure it's reaching to more children
in northern part and the Gaz strip the
northern part and Gaza City are special
case right now we're talking about an
active war zone with the ongoing heavy
artilleries and air attacks that are
happening by the hour the recurrent
incursions to major parts of the area
just making it very difficult not only
for the local residents but also for
organizations that are leading the
efforts to vaccinate the children and
it's not only the polio that is causing
this uh these problems to Children there
there's malnutrition there there is the
inability to access health facilities
and there is also the problem with
sanitation and and hyene polio
vaccination is one of many of things
that are needed immediate intervention
in order to save lives in northern part
ofer but again the challenges are
immense and part of these challenges the
ongoing intense bombing campaign that
continues to create more difficulties
and more tragedies on the ground with
shattered sense of safety with inability
to move freely from one place to another
it's becoming very difficult what people
are right now doing or displaying is a
as a mode of survival right now with
whatever is available the fact that
landed Crossings have been closed for
the past 5 months now with with little
amount of food arriving to northern part
of of the Gast and Gaza City it just
increasing the the difficulties and and
widening the the breadth of all in
problems that are causing not only Mal
nutrition but also health problems the
spread of infectious diseases
particularly when it comes to skin
diseases right now and and the the vast
majority of people are staying intense
and and and whatever left intact in
terms of of buildings and residential uh
buildings in in northern part of Gaza
and Gaza City that are so minimal right
now compared to what it used in the past
all of this together along with the
ongoing intense bombing count there just
this morning the sad morning again here
in the Central Area the southern part of
the strip and also the northern part
we're moving from jabalia to to ra City
a total of more than 20 people and again
we're looking at the same exact pattern
of tragedies families are targeted
inside their residential homes the
aftermath of every attack where civil
defensive crew and paramedics are facing
many challenges to help those who
survive the attacks removing them from
under rubbles with whatever basic tools
that they have we're look all in all
we're looking at multi-layer crisis that
continues to expand and with no sign of
it ending anytime
soon honey thank you as always for your
reporting that is honey mmore through
the latest live in there albala in
central Gaza